[RA2] add LB specs (#3415)
anuket-project/anuket-specifications: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter04.rst

       :cite:t:`multi-net-spec`.
     - gen.ost.01 in :ref:`chapters/chapter02:kubernetes architecture requirements`
     - :cite:t:`anuket-ri2` Chapter 4, section Installation on Bare Metal Infratructure
   * - ra2.ntw.017
     - Kubernetes Load Balancer - API

>      - The networking solution deployed within the implementation must include a L4 (TCP/UDP) Load Balancer to steer inbound traffic across the primary interfaces of multiple CNF pods. The solution must support Service type Loadbalancer API and may support the Gateway API additionally.

Reviewer: There are multiple requirements here, I recommend we split:
-  The networking solution deployed within the implementation must include an L4 (TCP/UDP) Load Balancer to steer inbound traffic across the primary interfaces of multiple CNF pods.
- The Load Balancer solution deployed per ra2.ntw.017 must support Service type Loadbalancer API 
- The Load Balancer solution deployed per ra2.ntw.017 may support the Gateway API additionally.

Author: agree to split in 3

Author: fixed in https://github.com/anuket-project/anuket-specifications/pull/3415/commits/55bed7d86d0e8d7ed2b4985a727d570978957848

>      - The networking solution deployed within the implementation must include a L4 (TCP/UDP) Load Balancer to steer inbound traffic across the primary interfaces of multiple CNF pods. The solution must support Service type Loadbalancer API and may support the Gateway API additionally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - The networking solution deployed within the implementation must include a L4 (TCP/UDP (excluding QUIC)) Load Balancer to steer inbound traffic across the primary interfaces of multiple CNF pods. The solution must support Service type Loadbalancer API and may support the Gateway API additionally.
```

Author: QUIC as a simple UDP session should be supported?

     - inf.ntw.15 in :ref:`chapters/chapter02:kubernetes architecture requirements`
     - 
   * - ra2.ntw.018
     - Kubernetes Load Balancer - Advertisements & Active/active Multipath

>      - The networking solution deployed within the implementation must include a L4 (TCP/UDP) Load Balancer capable of advertising the IPs of Services to external networks. To achieve an active/active design, the advertisements must support multi-path, allowing the same service IP to be advertised by multiple cluster nodes (where pods serving traffic reside) as next-hops.

Reviewer: This requirement is also two requirements where the second is specifying an implementation method. As <ra2.ntw.017> is a must, think we can just refer to it
 - The Load Balancer solution deployed per ra2.ntw.017 must be capable of advertising the IPs of Services to external networks. 
 - In an active/active design, the Load Balancer solution deployed per ra2.ntw.017 must support multi-path advertisements, allowing the same service IP to be advertised by multiple cluster nodes.

Author: agree to split

Author: fixed in https://github.com/anuket-project/anuket-specifications/pull/3415/commits/55bed7d86d0e8d7ed2b4985a727d570978957848

     - inf.ntw.15 in :ref:`chapters/chapter02:kubernetes architecture requirements`
     - 
   * - ra2.ntw.019
     - Kubernetes Load Balancer - High Availability

>      - The networking solution deployed within the implementation must include a L4 (TCP/UDP) Load Balancer capable of fast failover. Upon node or pod failure, traffic should be redirected (i.e. advertisements/routes must be updated) in less than 5 seconds to prevent application failure.

Reviewer: Application failure would depend upon the nature of the application.

```suggestion
     - The Load Balancer solution deployed per ra2.ntw.017 must, upon node or pod failure, redirect traffic (i.e., advertisements/routes must be updated) in less than 5 seconds.
```

Author: what about:
```suggestion
     - The networking solution deployed per `ra2.ntw.017` must be capable of fast failover. Upon node or pod failure, it must redirect traffic (i.e., advertisements/routes must be updated) in less than 5 seconds.
```

Author: fixed in https://github.com/anuket-project/anuket-specifications/pull/3415/commits/55bed7d86d0e8d7ed2b4985a727d570978957848
